hello friends my name is Dmitry
this is its channel from gamers
and today i will show
unique invite code which is actually
and saves us from the need for the coming year
wait for any other invite codes
the fact is that just recently I went to
Argentine shares to watch what's there
per share as you know i collect
such cards with fully domingo them
codes and I was wondering what was there
generally give when they saw the invite code I
wanted to lay out around well actually i
so did buy 2 mother by i understood
that they are no different you can
watch invite codes absolutely
identically
and that means you can imagine
imagine that you have a million of these cards
with the same moves and enter one that
same code when registering
need to register on the site burger.
tankman . no there is this code to attention
0 1 0 7 2016 this is almost 361
money moment of recording this video
Well, that is, for a whole year, you see that
really the codes are exactly the same
they are very good in terms of stuffing here
Churchill give 3 more than 5 was never
gave us handed out for that and 3 and 4 love
they gave just a witch
hole right and here you have three days and food
gold and churchill 3
let's go to this site and see
that there and so here we are with you already
site booker tankman. no and here we are with
you must lead our oven to new invite
code so we enter 85
and press send button
then throws us to the site
wargaming where you and I should just
create a new account and this account
you need numerically
especially churchill three thousand gold and 3
day premium account
Here is such an interesting invite code
which operates for almost a year
and it means the gameboy address and for the world it buy
Kadyrovna
give entries with the following shares
they are already losing their value and how are we
so subscribers get the best
your code which kids are always or walls
click like subscribe to my channel
go to our group vkontakte and backs
the freshest newest one gets there
information we certainly thank you for
view and see you soon